This month i stayed in fortune hotel Haridwar,it was an awesome experience i ever had.staff was very kind and supportive always ready to help you. Food was delicious and rooms were clean and spacious. Overall memoriable experience,wish to come again to enjoy your hospitality.
I stay for three night at fortune park Haridwar.warm welcome at reception. The room is neat & clean and species.the food is testy.service good. modern amenities with good Housekeeping services. I will visit again. The best hospitality experience at fortune park haridwar.
I visited this hotel in Jan. For business purpose. The  hotel room is clean and specius. The breakfast buffet is lavis and tasty. Worm welcome at reception. Over all nice stay at fortune park haridwar.Thank you for one of the best hospitality.
I visited this property in Jan for some business work . The entire staff is very courteous and are ready to help with smile . I stayed in the club room every thing was perfect as per the segment .  The food is no doubt good . Hats off to the chef .   Thanks for your hospitality. Will be visiting soon .
I have travel to various places & always look for the best property to stay. After doing the research for many days I did the booking with Fortune Haridwar. This is one of the best property in Haridwar to stay with.  All hotel staffs are very supportive and are always ready to help .We had our lunch at the hotel and trust me the food was amazingly good. We could not able to eat breakfast as we left at around 04:00 in the morning from the hotel and we requested for packed breakfast which was provided and was really good. Whenever I will visit Haridwar I will stay with this hotel only. Thank you Fortune Park team members for making our trip as a memorable.
Clean, spacious and comfortable room located just 20 minutes from Har ki Pauri. The check in took a little longer than what I'm used to at star hotels but overall the experience was good. The surprise element was sighting of a dear right opposite the hotel and Pied Hornbill from our room window. Overall A good place to stay. Abhinav was the gentleman who helped me book the room and was a nice smooth experience booking the room.
Very nice hotel in Haridwar near by Har ki poudi just drive 20 minutes. Staffs were very friendly and polite,room and washroom is specious with modern amenities & neat and clean. Food was amazing and large spread buffet with many verity  .this is very good hotel in Haridwar.  Perfect stay.  
A hotel with first class hospitality, excellent room interiors, very good food quality and spread of menu in buffet.   Slightly away from Hari ki Paudi, approx 15-20 minutes drive by car. Though its located on highway, its pretty peaceful inside the rooms. No great view from the rooms though.
The hotel was conveniently located near the delhi-haridwar national highway and hence I did not face any problem in finding the hotel on my drive from delhi.  It was my first trip of haridwar  for some religious reason. Hotel staff is very nice. Food is very good I just loved it. Also its not so costly.   The hotel offers an amazing experience. It was very enjoyable stay in this hotel. The stay was made memorable by   every member of hotel staff from reception ,house keeping and maintenance to hotel manager's are totally focused on your need and making you stay perfect. The rooms of the hotel is very beautiful. The staff of this hotel is incredible and available for you every time.   You honestly do not feel like you are staying in a hotel at all when you stay at Fortune. It is…
While this property was supposed to be in Haridwar, it was quite far from the town. So, it seemed like the place was in the middle of nowhere. And from the outside, the building looked quite odd. There was a shopping mall adjacent to this hotel, and the rooms on one side of the building had nothing but the walls of this adjoining mall, for a view. This definitely was odd. The gym hardly had any equipments - not sure if one could even call it functional. The service, in general, was slow, but manageable.  Above being said, the hotel was all right for a short layover. The rooms were clean, nicely designed and well-equipped. The breakfast spread was good, but some of the items were stale - pretty much their entire selection of pastries were inedible.   Despite a few shortcomings,…
Very nice hotel in Haridwar near by Har ki poudi in Haridwar. Staff were very friendly and polite,room and washroom is specious with modern amenities & neat and clean. Food was amazing and large spread buffet with many verity  .this is best hotel in Haridwar, This is best option at Haridwar.
It's was very nice hotel in haridwar near by Har ki poudi in haridwar.Staff were very  friendly and behavior  was polite,room and washroom is specious with neat and clean. Food was amazing.this is best hotel in haridwar who are coming to haridwar this is best option.
Yes...Its a good 20 mins away from Har Ki Paudi & that is when the traffic is light.  Its a part of a mall i guess, but since we reached at 9pm....Couldnt guess...  The theatre appeared to have not yet opened ....  Coming to the Hotel review...  Place is very good, Toilets are super clean....Super tasty food....Awesome breakfast.  I assume that if you are in Haridwar...the above should tick all your boxes..  Yes, they have a bar too :-)
Fortune Park hotel in Haridwar is located about 10 km from Har Ki Pauri and could be a time consuming ride due to narrow roads and traffic. It is located in a commercial compound housing a mall which hasn’t seen any occupants (seemed like that). Location is quite a distance away from shops and restaurants, so kind of isolated.   Room is fairly standard for a hotel of this class and is neat and comfortable. Linen is good, bathrooms are fine and service is courteous. No reason for any complaints.   Their buffet dinner was the standout in my experience. Dinner and breakfast were included in the tariff plan we chose. Dinner was awesome with a very good spread of chat, salads, soups, paneer, aloo gobhi, dal, rice, veg biryani, noodles and over 10 different desserts. I only mentioned…
Stayed at Fortune Park Hotel Haridwar. It's a nice property on the highway which is away from the crowded city.   The staff was very professional and the food was also food.   Location is easily accessible.
Too Far from city Food not good Please check all things provided by hotel in room when u check in room mosquitoes in food not variety in buffet Breakfast and Dinner most of the things half cooked  Staff is not friendly.
Was the worst stay..highly unhospitable..extremely bad service..for anything we had to call at least 3 times and when we ordered in room dining the food came uncovered.!!! And when we confronted the staff who was delivering the reply was i was watching that no fly or insect was to fall in the food...the rotis had become hard like a stone .requested for lemon slices thrice but we finishes our food and no lemon slices were delivered  .same at the brealfast table too..almost finished the food and then tea was delivered that too after asking for it thrice !the rooms are very samll as compared to the pics shown on the website ...all in all an extremely bad experience for the price they charge !
Stayed with Family during April 24/25/ and 27... excellent hospitality by entire team... FOM Mr Singh, took special care and made our stay very pleasant. Chef went out of the way, and gave special South Indian dish... special thanks for him  Mr Chandel, GM took personal care and very nice hotel to stay...  Special thanks to Vinod...Service team,   Great Place to stay  T Sridhar
We stayed here as part of a family trip for a couple of nights. First point to note is that this hotel is about 20/25 minutes from the main ghat (attraction point where the Ganges arti takes place). Before booking it most reviews said 10/15 minutes- but this is misleading. We had organised a car and driver for the entire trip so that was okay with us, otherwise we would have struggled with the transportation (although I am not sure if the hotel would have been able to organise something or not).   The hotel itself is nice, clean and big with friendly staff. Our room too was good with comfortable beds and a bathroom with shower and toiletries were provided.   In relation to the food at the property, this was also good. For breakfast they had a buffet with a decent range and a…
This is ITC group hotel, situated close to Sidcul Industrial Area on main Bhadrabad on NH58. this is excellent hotel and it is located in the Mall, which is not functioning now. Only this hotel is there. this is non-smoking hotel. Room is good, clean and nicely decor. Buffet breakfast is delicious and enough options available. Sidcul will be aprox. 4--5 km from this hotel. if you book through Travel apps, will get good rates. Overall very good options for business traveler.
We have family visitt to haridwar and stayed in newly opened hotel. Great facility and staff. But its little far from main Temple 10-13 km but its worth as hotel is beautiful and with great facility. Good
This was our first trip to Haridwar with my hubby. I came to know about this newly opened hotel dring our visit. And beyond our expectation, this hotel was very nice, we had the most comfortable stay here with good food. The food was exceptionally good.  Moreover the staff was friendly & polite and truly hospitable.   Keep it up guys & Good Luck.
We booked 5 rooms at fortune as we went there for visiting temples of haridwar and rishikesh, it's a 2 days stay and I must say that quality of service which they provides was excellent. Will surely recommend to others. Thanks to team fortune. 
Its about 3 weeks that i visited your hotel for a holiday with my friends, all of us enjoyed our and visit your city. it was a wonderful weekend trip for me and my friends, i also told my friends to write a review for your hotel and their experience was also great.I conclude it by saying that your hotel is one of the finest and you can improve it to the best of your capablity 
I am writing today to bring to your attention an extraordinarily unpleasant and horrific experience we recently encountered at the Fortune Park Haridwar.   On my trip to Rishikesh from New Delhi, I booked two rooms using Expedia travel for Saturday, Feb 16th, 2019 at the Fortune Park in Haridwar. Upon arrival at the hotel, we are asked to provide identification for all guests as part of the check-in process. I was in possession of my California driver’s license,  a copy of my US passport (relevant pages), and credit cards. In addition, all of the other three guests had proper identification. All of the documents were acceptable to the duty supervisor at the hotel. However, he insisted that per the hotel policy, he needed to see a copy of my Indian Visa. It was appalling to hear…
Great amenities with spacious rooms. Strongly recommended. Suitable for all type of travelers. Probably the best housekeeping service one can get, the housekeeping staff was so courteous and always serve you with a smile whether it is 6 o'clock in the morning or 2 o'clock at night. Special mention for Jagjit Singh for managing my great stay starting from airport pickup till the checkout. No need to find food anywhere in the city as Fortune Park has the best restaurant in the town. More than enough food options to try both in veg and non-veg. Must try delicious desserts (It will be tough to choose one, as there will be plenty of them).
Excellent hospitality and perfect stay with family.... however bit far from haridwar (15-20 min) har ki paudi... wonderful and peaceful stay You may stay there for 2- 3 days Comfortable and relaxing stay... Many varieties in Breakfast.... and good in room dinning also.
Excellent hotel at reasonable price. Hotel staff was very courteous & helpful. Very clean & comfortable rooms. Included in price Buffet breakfast was excellent quality & nutritious. Glass of milk in room service for over Rs. 200 seemed like little pricey. Hotel serves even some good non vegetarian choices. Overall great stay.
